Reorganize docs v2 (#2174)
psf/black: docs/contributing/gauging_changes.md

# Gauging changes

A lot of the time, your change will affect formatting and/or performance. Quantifying
these changes is hard, so we have tooling to help make it easier.

> It's recommended you take a look at quantifable changes your change will cause before
> submitting a PR if it seems disruptive enough.

Reviewer: I found this hard to parse.
```suggestion
It's recommended you evaluate the quantifable changes your black formatting change
causes before submitting a PR. Think about if the change seems disruptive enough 
to cause frustration to projects that are already "black formatted".
```

Author: I tend to either write too densely or with too many words, this seems wayyy more reasonable. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Also quantifable -> quantifiable

## black-primer

> `black-primer` is a tool built for CI (and humans) to have _Black_ `--check` a number of
> (configured in `primer.json`) Git accessible projects in parallel. _(A PR will be
> accepted to add Mercurial support.)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`black-primer` is a tool built for CI (and humans) to have _Black_ `--check` a number of
Git accessible projects in parallel (configured in `primer.json`). _(A PR will be
accepted to add Mercurial support.)_
```
